-- Question 01

Design an ER schema for keeping track of information about votes taken in 
the U.S. House of Representatives during the current two-year congress 
ional session. The database needs to keep track of each U.S. STATE's Name 
(e.g., 'Texas', 'New York', 'California') and include the Region of the state 
(whose domain is {'Northeast', 'Midwest', 'Southeast', 'Southwest', 'West'}). 
Each CONGRESS PERSON in the House of Representatives is described by 
his or her Name, plus the District represented, the Start_date when the con- 
gressperson was first elected, and the political Party to which he or she 
belongs (whose domain is {'Republican', 'Democrat', 'Independent', 
'Other'}). The database keeps track of each BILL (i.e., proposed law), 
including the Bill_name, the Date_of_vote on the bill, whether the bill 
Passed_or_failed (whose domain is {'Yes', and the Sponsor (the 
congressperson(s) who sponsored—that is, proposed—the bill). The data- 
base also keeps track of how each congressperson voted on each bill (domain 
of Vote attribute is {'Yes', 'No', 'Abstain', 'Absent'}). Draw an ER schema 
diagram for this application. State clearly any assumptions you make. 

-- Question 02

A database is being constructed to keep track of the teams and games of a sports league.
 A team has a number of players, not all of whom participate in each game.
It is desired to keep track of the players participating in each game for each team, 
the positions they played in that game, and the result of the game. 
Try to design an ER schema diagram for this application, stating any assumptions
you make. Choose your favorite sport (soccer, football, baseball ...).

-- Question 03

Consider the ER diagram shown below 
for part of a BANK database. 
Each bank can have multiple branches, and each branch can have multiple 
accounts and loans. 
a. List the strong (nonweak) entity types in the ER diagram. 
b. Is there a weak entity type? If so, give its name, partial key, and identify- 
ing relationship. 
c. What constraints do the partial key and the identifying relationship ofthe 
weak entity type specify in this diagram? 
d. List the names of all relationship types, and specify the (min, max) 
constraint on each participation of an entity type in a relationship type. 
Justify your choices. 
e. List concisely the user requirements that led to this ER schema design. 
f. Suppose that every customer must have at least one account but is 
restricted to at most two loans at a time, and that a bank branch cannot 
have more than 1,000 loans. How does this show up on the (min, max) 
constraints? 